AKS Baseline regulated - New Azure Defender for containers feature introduced. (#57)
mspnp/aks-baseline-regulated: docs/deploy/13-validation-logs.md

Unless you performed some additional steps beyond this walkthrough's instructions, you'll notice that the value for all of the records share the same `Identity` -- that is the Object ID of the AKS cluster's managed identity, specifically kubelet (`<your-cluster-name>-agentpool`).

> ### Microsoft Defender for containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Microsoft Defender for Containers
```

### Review Security Alerts

> Microsoft Defender for Containers reviews your cluster's logs and detects behavior that might be undesired. Those alerts surface in the Azure Resource Graph (`securityresources` -> `microsoft.security/locations/alerts`) and also in Microsoft Defender for Cloud in the Azure Portal. Within about 24 hours of your cluster being up and running, you should start to see some alerts show up (Low and Medium).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Defender for Containers reviews your cluster's logs and detects runtime workload behavior that might be undesired. [Those alerts](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/defender-for-cloud/alerts-reference#alerts-k8scluster) surface in the Azure Resource Graph (`securityresources` -> `microsoft.security/locations/alerts`) and also in Microsoft Defender for Cloud in the Azure Portal. Within about 24 hours of your cluster being up and running, you may start to see some Low and Medium alerts show up.
```
